[doc][Java] Add doc page for java concurrency group. (#21600)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/concurrency_group_api.rst

> You can define concurrency groups for asyncio actors using the ``concurrency_groups`` decorator argument:

Reviewer: Delete this line

> You can define concurrency groups for asyncio actors in Python and for Concurrent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define concurrency groups for asyncio actors in Python and for concurrent
```

Reviewer: BTW, concurrent actors or concurrency actors?

        a.f4.remote()  # executed in the "compute" group.
        a.f5.remote()  # executed in the default group.

.. tabbed:: Java

    You can define concurrency groups for concurrency actors using the API ``setConcurrencyGroups()`` argument:

    .. code-block:: java

        class ConcurrentActor {
            public long f1() {

>             return Thread.currentThread().getId();

Reviewer: incorrect indent.

        actor = AsyncIOActor.options(max_concurrency=10).remote()

.. tabbed:: Java

>     The following ConcurrentActor has 2 concurrency groups: "io" and "default".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following concurrent actor has 2 concurrency groups: "io" and "default".
```
